README.md, before:

# Overview

This is a library for a raspberry pi and that simplifies the process of
sending serial commands over i2c to interface with https://github.com/laserbeam897/roboticsArduinoClient.
It currently can set the power and mode of digital pins , send the power of all pins 
(0/1 for digital pins , 0-255 for analog pins) , and set the power/direction for the motor shield.

# API

* getAnaloguePower(pin) , returns 0-255
* getDigitalPower(pin) , returns 0 or 1
* setPin(pin, power) , where power is either HIGH or LOW (constants declared in the library)
* setPinMode(pin, mode) , where mode is either INPUT or OUTPUT (constants declared in the library). This must be run before digital read or write.
* setMotorPower(channel, power), where channel is either CHANNELA or CHANNELB (constants declared in the library). Power must be -255-255 , with 
negative numbers indicating running in reverse.

# Communicaton protocol Details

## Command formats:
* [] indicates a variable. 
* i [pinNumber] //setmode of a digital pin to input
* o [pinNumber] //setmode of a digital pin to output
* h [pinNumber] //set a digit pin to high
* l [pinNumber] //set a digit pin to low
* a [power] //sets the power of the motor on channel A
* b [power] //sets the power of the motor on channel B
	
## Requesting pin power 
	
When sending a request, the command bit represents the pin number 
, where analog pins aremapped as 100 + the pin number.

# Connecting to the arduino.

## Connect the pi to the arduino by connecting:
* pin 3 on the raspberry pi to an SDA pin (A4) on the arduino
* pin 5 on the raspberry pi to an SDL pin (A5) on the arduino
* pin 6 on the raspberry pi to a ground pin on the arduino

## The pins on the raspberry pi are numbered as follows:

![Raspberry PI pin diagram](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5314742/31580000-4c86b236-b13b-11e7-96f4-07cf46751c7b.png)

Commit message:

Added install details to the readme.

README.md, after:

# Overview

This is a library for a raspberry pi and that simplifies the process of
sending serial commands over i2c to interface with https://github.com/laserbeam897/roboticsArduinoClient.
It currently can set the power and mode of digital pins , send the power of all pins 
(0/1 for digital pins , 0-255 for analog pins) , and set the power/direction for the motor shield.

# API

* getAnaloguePower(pin) , returns 0-255
* getDigitalPower(pin) , returns 0 or 1
* setPin(pin, power) , where power is either HIGH or LOW (constants declared in the library)
* setPinMode(pin, mode) , where mode is either INPUT or OUTPUT (constants declared in the library). This must be run before digital read or write.
* setMotorPower(channel, power), where channel is either CHANNELA or CHANNELB (constants declared in the library). Power must be -255-255 , with 
negative numbers indicating running in reverse.

# I2C Setup

This library requires i2c to be setup on the raspberry pi.

1. Remove I2C from Blacklist:

    \$ cat /etc/modprobe.d/raspi-blacklist.conf    
    \# blacklist spi and i2c by default (many users don't need them)    
    blacklist spi-bcm2708    
    \#blacklist i2c-bcm2708    
3. Load i2c.dev in Module File
    Add this to the end of /etc/modules
    `i2c-dev`
    
3. Run install.sh

   ./install.sh

# Communicaton protocol Details

## Command formats:
* [] indicates a variable. 
* i [pinNumber] //setmode of a digital pin to input
* o [pinNumber] //setmode of a digital pin to output
* h [pinNumber] //set a digit pin to high
* l [pinNumber] //set a digit pin to low
* a [power] //sets the power of the motor on channel A
* b [power] //sets the power of the motor on channel B
	
## Requesting pin power 
	
When sending a request, the command bit represents the pin number 
, where analog pins aremapped as 100 + the pin number.

# Connecting to the arduino.

## Connect the pi to the arduino by connecting:
* pin 3 on the raspberry pi to an SDA pin (A4) on the arduino
* pin 5 on the raspberry pi to an SDL pin (A5) on the arduino
* pin 6 on the raspberry pi to a ground pin on the arduino

## The pins on the raspberry pi are numbered as follows:

![Raspberry PI pin diagram](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5314742/31580000-4c86b236-b13b-11e7-96f4-07cf46751c7b.png)
